[Music]
so Sarah asks should I have one or two
three four or five adverts in my ad
groups Sarah the simplest way to go
about this is that you have two adverts
per ad group uh if you have one you
can't split test if you have more than
two you take longer to test your ad so
if you have an A and A B version
essentially you quickly identify which
one is the loser and the winner
um there's a really simple equation I
use for testing ads as well to identify
the winner and that is you take the
clickthrough rate and you multiply it by
the conversion rate and that gives you a
number and simply the highest number
wins so if you've got two ads you do
clickr rate times conversion rate that
number highest one wins really simple
really elegant and it focuses on
click-through rate which Google's
concerned about and conversion rate
which of course you're concerned about